Inventory management involves formulating
and implementing inventory policies
that support organizational goals.
Inventory management activities include,
but are not always limited to,
forecasting, demand planning, and control activities.
Inventory managers use end item forecasts
such as sales, production, or maintenance forecasts
to derive forecasts for individual item numbers.
They formulate inventory rules
that affect safety stock levels, lot sizes,
and replenishment lead times
in order to support anticipated demand.
Additionally, they manage or control item inventories
according to the established inventory rules.
An example of inventory management in industry
includes Walmart maintaining distribution centers
to manage and send goods to their stores.